# Visualisation
Implementation: Identifying the dataset was followed by data extraction, selection &amp; merging the dataset as per the business requirement. The Data for this project is fetched from world happiness report 2017 (https://www.kaggle.com/unsdsn/world-happiness). To visualize the dataset more efficiently region dataset is being taken from Wikipedia which defines regional classification of countries (https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_regional_classification). Both the dataset is being combines with the common element Country as a result some visualisation is been done using region with respect to countries. Combining the country column with region column gave convenient result for visualisation. Tools: The filtration of the dataset and data visualisation of the dataset is been done in Tableau and PowerBI to get the efficient result of visualisation. to understand the percentage ratio, Tableau gives the efficient solution. The infographic contains the percentage ratio which need to be calculated and compared with other attributes of the database which is done by Tableau. This infographic design comprises of a Bar chart, a pie chat and donut chart in is been implemented using Power BI. The line chart is created using Visme online visualisation tool. Importing the dataset into the Visme, mainly taking the information about the region &amp; freedom count results hierarchical line chart. As compare to Tableau and PowerBi, in Visme tool needs to follow tedious way to implement the dataset for visualisation and creating the graph. As Visme does not allow to filter the column or any attribute which gives limitation to the creation.
